gh-127405: Emit a deprecation warning about a future change of `sys.abiflags` availability on Windows (#131717)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-03-25-13-32-18.gh-issue-127405.o10vve.rst

> Emit a deprecation warning about a future change of :data:`sys.abiflags` availability on Windows. Patch by Xuehai Pan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emit a :exc:`DeprecationWarning` about a future change of :data:`sys.abiflags` availability on Windows. Patch by Xuehai Pan.
```
